Alright, so he is EI and Buddy Ebo. Okay, so I want to ask you questions. You know
about your experience the last time we came? Yes, sir. Okay, so first you will tell me your name, your age and your class.
Okay, sir. Abubakar Dahibu. SS2A1. My age is still here, sir. Okay. Abubakar, thank you.
Do you remember that thing in war, when we came? Yes, sir. What was it called? It's called, um, Ritual.
Arrow. Reality. You remember what happened inside? Yes, sir. You remember very well. Yes, sir. So what do you
think about that story? That story means not, not to be discriminating others because of their
language and stop making people suffer emotionally and make them happy on how their language is or
how they live with their people and stop blaming them on their culture and help them to defeat what
culture they are. So what was the name of, you were the one the thing was happening to, right? Yes, sir. Wait, was it happening to you? No, sir. Who was it happening to? The guy inside the thing. Oh, there was another person? You could see the person? Yes, sir. You could see the person like that? No. So how? The person is like, just, it's me, sir. Exactly. Yes, sir. So what were the things that made you feel it's you? Because of how the thing, it feel,
reality. It feel like it's just me, how they push me, I vibrate, how I walked, how I cry and how the game started. So which part of this, which part of the game touched, touched your heart more? The time that they discriminate and insult me on my language. Where, where? On the bus and on the school, sir. On the bus. The school and the games. How did it make you feel?
It made me feel sad, sir. Sad, huh? Yes, sir. So which tribe are you? Yoruba. Yoruba? Yes, sir. So how, that, when you see people, when you see people, have you, when you see people from other tribe, have you remembered that thing that happened in the game? Yes, sir. And I will never discriminate people by their tribe and language because I don't know who will help me tomorrow.
So if you see somebody discriminating against another person, what, what reason will you tell the person to make them stop? Because I will tell him that the reason is stop discriminating people by their language because you don't know who will help you tomorrow. Maybe it might be your boss tomorrow. And if you come and ask for work, we might not give it because you will remember what he did to you.
Interesting. Interesting. So let me say 10 years from now. Yes, sir. If I ask you to remember, what will you remember most from this game, 10 years from now, when you are grown up? That emotionless pain that caused me, sir.
Yes, sir. So how will that change your life in the next 10 years? It will change my life because it will make me stay together with people and stay happy, not based on their language or their cultures.
Wonderful. Thank you, sir. Thank you for talking with me. So you have not finished, eh? Who sent it to me? Deborah, right? So go to her.
Tell her that we are finished.